hi guys what is going on is nourishment
of it and today I'm just doing a
minecraft xbox 360 edition tutorial on
how to get minecraft for free and that
is what you can get minecraft for free
ok a few things you will need is your
friends profile um i would recommend
that he'll be quite close friend to you
in case you'll go in your camp for silly
reasons you want he departed obviously
yep um do you have to make sure that he
already has my full version of minecraft
installed on his profile then what you
need to do is you need to go on this
profile so basically if i try it so as
you can see i'm going on sign in that is
my profile and that is another one so I
what you have to do is you have to
install the demo then you go on to the
profile your time to go on to and when
the sun's in it should right it's done
so basically in then what you do is
where it says um look full game you just
press a and come on and then it just
glitches out and it turns into
downloadable content you then press B
and as you can see it's this
downloadable content I does not say
unlock full game anymore and then what
you do is you just sign out case yum
your French is trying to sign back in
because obviously any one person can be
in your profile and then just messaged
them when you're done and Facebook or
something on that does really matter and
then you sign back in to your original
account and signs in general pictured
and there you go and it still says
downloadable content so and it still
works fully there's no bugs or glitches
you still get full access to all the
updates i'll show you now because this
is then you in charming update which i
forgot the name um okay so it's just
load up a world you will see
it does take some time to load but it's
probably my internet failing there we go
and you see it still works is the full
version you can see I've got my XP bar
dinner and level 5 from me playing so
much there's a quip about your doing
yeah it still works normally guys it
works perfectly fine you can play co-op
whatever it works fine just remember to
if you using this be sure it has to be
your friend your friends account and
beat make sure that is when your close
friends and you know what you're doing
before you do this do not make any
mistakes otherwise you will you were
able to be bad basically okay it'll be
bad okay I am loose up here and yeah
I'll see you guys later don't forget to
Like and subscribe and I'll see you guys
later so yeah i'll be doing water toys
on things will come out such as maybe
black ops 2 zombies stuff so be sure to
subscribe and if you haven't already
yeah and favorite and i'll see you guys
later bye